W-19607093: Update Batch error handling documentation (#3243)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/tuning-batch-processing.adoc

== Multiple Concurrent Instances of a Batch Job

> Many use cases for Batch Job scopes process only one request (batch job instance) at a time, but some cases simultaneously execute two or more batch job instances. To tune the thread pool sharing in such cases, you can set one of the following scheduling strategies, each of which is tracked separately by its batch instance ID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many use cases for Batch Job scopes process only one request (batch job instance) at a time, but some cases simultaneously execute two or more batch job instances. To tune the thread pool sharing in such cases, you can set one of these scheduling strategies, each of which is tracked separately by its batch instance ID:
```

> * `ORDERED_SEQUENTIAL`: Default scheduling strategy that limits the impact of concurrent instances by processing the instances in the order they are triggered. This strategy is useful when nonsequential processing of the same batch job can cause issues, such as data inconsistency, or reach resource limitations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `ORDERED_SEQUENTIAL`: Default scheduling strategy that limits the impact of concurrent instances by processing the instances in the order they are triggered. This strategy is useful if nonsequential processing of the same batch job can cause issues, such as data inconsistency, or when resource limitations are reached.
```
